One of my missions is to teach you how to become faster using PowerPoint.
Therefore, I would like to share with you the Quick Access Toolbar, which I created specifically
for this course.
It contains the most popular and practical commands.
I strongly recommend you to follow all the installation steps in this movie because we will often use
this toolbar throughout this course.
As the first step,
please download the file named:
PowerPoint-Quick-Access-Toolbar.exportedUI
Open the PowerPoint
Navigate to the 'File',
'Options'...
'Quick Access Toolbar', 'Import/Export',
'Import customization file',
Find the downloaded file.
And click 'Open'.
Now, click
'Yes'
And click OK to save the changes.
As you can see, the Quick Access Toolbar appears by default on the top of my screen.
There is little space here and that's the reason why some commands are no longer visible.
Let's change that.
Click on this little arrow here to expand, and choose 'Show Below the Ribbon'.
Perfect!
Now we have quick access to all these features. Knowing how to import and export
Quick Access Toolbar is a great asset.
It enables you to always have your tools at hand or easily share them with your colleagues.